well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight it's gonna be a little
different I'm just gonna read something
I looked for it on YouTube first what to
see if anybody had read this I couldn't
find it seen it published but I'm not
sure that the written word does it
justice the year of 2019 is coming to
close and when it comes the day most
Americans set aside as a day for
Thanksgiving as I let my mind wander
beyond the still bars and concrete walls
I try to imagine what the people who
live outside the prison gates are doing
and what they are thinking do they ever
think of the indigenous people who were
forced from their homelands do they
understand that with every step they
take
no matter the direction that they're
walking on stolen land can they imagine
even for one minute what it was like to
watch the suffering of the women the
children and babies and yes the sick and
elderly as they were made to keep
pushing west and freezing temperatures
with little or no food these were my
people and this was our land there was a
time when we enjoyed freedom and were
able to hunt the Buffalo and gather the
foods and sacred medicines we were able
to fish and we enjoyed the clean clear
water
my people were generous we shared
everything we had
including the knowledge of how to
survive the long harsh winters or the
hot humid summers we were appreciative
of the gifts from our Creator and
remember to give thanks on a daily basis
we had ceremonies and special dances
that were a celebration of life with the
coming of foreigners to our shores life
as we knew it would change drastically
individual ownership was foreign to my
people fences unheard of back
we were communal people we took care of
each other our grandparents weren't
isolated from us they were the wisdom
keepers and storytellers and were an
important link in our families the
babies they were and are our future look
at the brilliant young people who put
themselves at risk fighting to keep our
water and environment clean and safe for
the generations yet to come they are
willing to confront the giant
multinational corporations by educating
the general public of the devastation
being caused I smile with hope when I
think about their fearless and ready to
speak the truth to all who are willing
to listen we also remember our brothers
and sisters of Bolivia who are writing
in support of the first indigenous
president Evo Morales his commitment to
the people the land their resources and
protection against corruption is
commendable we recognize and identify
with that struggle so well so today I
thank all of the people who are willing
to have an open mind those who are
willing to accept the responsibility of
planning for seven generations ahead
those who remember the sacrifices made
by our ancestors so we can continue to
speak in our own language practice our
own way of thankfulness in our own skin
and that we always acknowledge and
respect to the indentity indigenous
lineage that we carry for those of you
who are thankful that you have enough
food to feed your families please give
to those who aren't as fortunate if you
are warm and have a comfortable shelter
to live in please give to those who are
cold than homeless if you see someone
hurting and in need of a kind word or to
be that person who steps forward and
lends a hand and especially when you see
injustice anywhere please be brave
enough to
big up to confront it I want to thank
all who are kind enough to remember me
and my family in your thoughts and
prayers thank you for continuing to
support and believe in me there isn't a
minute in any day that passes without me
hoping that this will be the day I will
be granted freedom I long for the day
when I can smell clean fresh air when I
can feel the gentle breeze in my hair
witnessed the clouds as their movement
hides the Sun and when the moon shines
the light on the path to the sacred andp
that would truly be a day I could call a
day of Thanksgiving thank you for
listening to whomever is voicing my
words my spirit is there with you in the
spirit of Crazy Horse Leonard Peltier
it's just a phone y'all have a good
night